Format:
	BP(lensQuote, lensExplanation, primaryQuote, Insight/Connect to question)
Intro
	You come back home from a long day of work. You are tired. You need rest. But, in your room lies the omnipotent telescreen, the destructor of the little privacy you had left in your living room. All of a sudden, on its screen appears a set of eyes, ears, and a mouth.
		1: You do not know when you are being monitored and therefore, you act on the assumption of being constantly watched.
		2: It demands not your obedience or subjectry, but the very transformation of who you are, you ideals, beliefs, and thoughts.
	The mouth starts to move and in a monotonic, yet commanding voice, it says: "big brother is watching".
Questions (Zuboff, Cohen, Weissman)
	How does 1984, although it may seem otherwise, challenge the traditional American ideology of protecting democracy?
		Zuboff: People are controlled
		Weissman: Freedom kills itself
		Weissman: Tyranny of the majority, loss of individuality
		Cohen: Monster polices, enforce ourselves
	Format
		Intro(hook, introducePrimary, poseQuestion)
		BP(lensQuote, lensExplanation, primaryQuote, newIdea, connectQuestion)
			Introduce lens, lensQuote, lensConnection, Insight(new way to see)
			Lens: PrimaryIdea Link
			Lens: Subtle ideas, well presented
		Amendment

	What does 1984's depiction of Oceania reveal about the decline of individual identity on social media today?
1984 Quotes
	Cognitive DIssonance
		"WAR IS PEACE" "FREEDOM IS SLAVERY" "IGNORANCE IS STRENGTH"
		"Ministry of Truth, which concerned itself with news, entertainment, education, and the fine arts; the Ministry of Peace, which concerned itself with war"
	Facades and Pervation
		?"Power is not a means; it is an end. One does not establish a dictatorship in order to safeguard a revolution; one makes the revolution in order to establish the dictatorship."
		"nothing was illegal, since there were no longer any laws"
			Control by ambiguity, ironically no laws leads to absolute control
	Mind Control
		?"If you want to keep a secret, you must also hide it from yourself."
		?"Freedom is the freedom to say that two plus two make four. If that is granted, all else follows."
		"VICTORY GIN" "VICTORY CIGARETTES" "world began to look more cheerful"
			Forcing of acceptance by chemical means, blue pill is displayed
	Panoptigon, Surveillance
		"in the assumption that every sound you made was overheard, and, except in darkness, every movement scrutinized"
Others
	Research Question(focused)
		Debatable: Could answer diff, mystery
			Not obvious
	Outside the question: How might they understand it this way?
	Text - Specific Audience's Interpretation?

	Lens: Dont compare/contrast
		Mutate 1984 using lens
	Meaning debate question

Psychiatric Hegemony:
	Rise of cognitive performance/proficiency
	mental illness grow by demand
		As the young person norm gets stricter...
	Enlightenment: Emphasis on shaping young people
		"Child-saving", development psych, child psychiatry, IQ test, neutralize threats
	School: Conformity > Individuality, psychiatric gaslighting (metzl)
		Psychiatic hegemony: Controlling the young, eradicating what is deemed disruptive
	Marxist Perspective: Psychiatry atomizing people to work bots

In the context of Cohen, we can realize that disorders are not an entirely scientific, unbaised process. Sometimes external factors like hyper-capitalism can skew

"Clear within the phraseology and the “symptoms” of ADHD is the concern to medicalise the behaviour of unruly children in the classroom; it 
is a question of children refusing to conform to the required order of 
school life and, therefore, the APA developing the label of ADHD as 
a device of social control (rather than a product of scientifi c enquiry)."

Metzl: Psychiatric gaslighting (civil rights mvt & schizophrenia) can also be seen in the education system. Motivated by hyper-capitalism
Greenslit:




