Freedom vs Security
	"Erich Fromm writes that “One can only understand the power of the fear to be different, the fear to be only a few steps away from the herd, if one understands the depths of the need not to be separated.” (25)
		The philosopher highlights the psychological phenomenon of the human's desire for security through conformity with the expectations of the majority. This desire to avoid isolation often contradicts one's freedom and individuality, forcing them to obey the values of the larger group.
		This behavioral tendency is evolutionary, from the ancient history of humans requiring interdependence "so great that being rejected from a group might mean death or a severe deprivation of basic needs."
	"psychological “mechanisms of escape” arose that allowed people to feel the semblance of beloningness, but at the cost of losing themselves in a larger social body." (26)
		Totalitarian systems exploit the human psychological desire for societal integration, granting one the membership of security at the sacrifice of their individuality. "The discrepancy between “I” and the world disappears and with it the conscious fear of aloneness and powerlessness" (27) as the individual transforms to become one with the masses in an attempt to overcome their weaknesses as a single person.
Behavioral Manipulation, Panopticon
	"Like the rat in the Skinner box, we press our devices over and over to seek out these rewards"
		Weissman highlights social media's use of operant conditioning in modifying and therefore, controlling the behavior of the user. Social media can be seen as a virtual dictatorship, for its widespread presence in manipulating people's psychology.
	"We design our digital self—this product brand we are turning ourselves into—in order to gain approval from the crowd and avoid being rejected and discarded by consumers of our personality"
		The human tendency to conform, motivated by the wanting of security, pushes people to design themselves in a way most favorable for the eyes of others. Social media is comparable to the panoptic imprisonment system, demanding obediance not through physical force, but through the constant surveillance of its prisoners.
